You'll learn a lot about the base and text view sheriff's office.
Of course there is more to it.
But this only is an introduction to it to give you first understanding on how you chess works and if
you find it interesting to dive deeper into it.
One important thing I want to note right now we always use this single def which holds our app here
and we have this single instance.
You're not limited to one instance you could have a second day of your with ID app to or any ID you
like.
And there we could have a paragraph second view instance and then maybe Whoops another paragraph below
it where we output some message.
And for this to work of course I'll add a new instance.
So this is outside of the first one pass much scope object as set.
Of course I want to control abt you.
As a side note if you try to control app here well then only one of the two will get active.
You can't control the same part of the code with the two different view instances.
So let's control at 2 with a hash tag those who are selected by id and then data all set message since
as well try to output here.
Hello there.
And if we now had control enter you see Hello there but that actually is part of our second viewing
stands.
So there is nothing wrong with that.
That's actually not that uncommon that you control different parts in your app with different view instances.